
[] Oh Oh So I was watching Martin Shkreli's finance lectures. And he gave lectures with a list of it's kind of financial advice and he starts out by saying what is finance. He breaks it down into well, okay, if you want to get into it you have a choice. You can either invest your own money or other people's money. Investing your own money probably only makes sense if you have a lot of it. You need tools to where like there's no reason you should be investing your money if somebody else can invest it better. Basically good advice. So I thought I'd do something similar for programming. I was watching I googled how to learn to program. Oh. Let's do this. How to learn to program. Also again, like you guys think I'm on drugs constantly. I'm really not. I smoke weed occasionally. I drink occasionally. I don't really do harder drugs than that. I don't think I've taken Adderall or any other stimulants this year. I don't know why you guys all think that. Maybe there's something. Defective about my brain chemistry. So I'm not going to teach you Vim. If you think you want to learn Park type, thank you for subscribing. And I'm hoping to get a lot of subscribers to this stream because I'm going to try to educate instead of just a lot of times when I talk, I'm not trying to be made sense of. I'm not. I'm trying to. I'm thinking out loud and I'm not trying to explain things such that an audience will understand. So we could say, yeah, look, I can tell you here. Here's lifehacker.com. The best ways to teach yourself to code. And really, it comes down to just doing it like almost everything. But I think a question a lot of people have is what exactly do I do? Uh, so let's, let's bring them up here and let's talk about what a program is. Okay, so you have a program. What's the definition of a program? Well, um, you can think about it like this. A program takes in some input, uh, does some computation and produces some output. So there's an argument to be made. That we should be teaching kids how to program using functional languages because functional languages more closely match this paradigm. But computers don't operate like functions. Computers operate a lot more like Tari machines, which we can get into too. So maybe on one side of an extreme, uh, we have like a high level functional programming language like Haskell. And then let's not really go lower than C. C and assembly. Are C and assembly are the same structurally. So you can treat C and assembly like the same thing. C is kind of assembly with a bit of syntactic sugar around it. There's nothing in C that doesn't very clearly map to something in assembly. Um, please subscribe. I hope you guys like this kind of content. Okay, so let's say like languages, uh, span the gamut from C over to Haskell, right? Um, then you can take languages and languages go in a few directions. You can think of this is like the functional spectrum. Uh, and then maybe there's C over to Python, and this is kind of the ease of use spectrum. So in the nineties, it was believed that object oriented programming was going to be this revolution in programming. That's C going to C plus plus, right? Um, basically, and you can take it even further. Microsoft created these things called calm objects and everything was going to be an object to pass around. Small talk has this kind of paradigm also, but it turned out this didn't actually improve programmer productivity. The thing that improved programmer productivity was garbage collection. So when you think of a computer first, I mean, we kind of have to ask the question, what is a computer? So you can think about it like you have a processor that runs a stream of instructions, and then you have ran. Now you can break Ram into two things is two things store in Ram. There's instructions and there's data. So most computers really don't treat these things very differently. When I make a program like hello world. I compile this. We can take a look in this program. And that's not even all of it. Yeah. So we have a this section here. This is actually the ASCII for hello world. So it's in the same memory space. As the instructions itself, which does the printing of hello world. Here's the main function is called to die. Lid stub binders actually would calls the print F. So yeah, what is a computer processor and Ram? Then you can break down your program. So when you have a program, a program has text. It's called dot text, which is the instructions. A program has a stack program has a heap and a program has BSS. So BSS are things like static data is a stack. And then there's a heap keeps you get to through Malik stacks. You get to through, you know, anything like this is a variable on the stack. Local vars also control photos on the stack. I have a main function and I call a what this does is pushes the return location to the stack. So, you know, when I call B down here, this at the end here is returned by popping. Okay, this is a basic idea of what a computer is. Now, there's a whole nother direction. You can go with the idea of what is programming, right? There is a practical like I want to get a job. All right, programming for work. Maybe we'll make a note to the club programming for work. So what does this mean? What does a software engineer do? Well, they don't really write algorithms. You will never in any job have to write a sort algorithm a binary search algorithm anything like that. So they don't write algorithms. So, I'm going to go with a simple one. What else? Well, very few people actually work on. There's some people who work on infrastructure, but that's not a lot of people most software engineers are basically translators. All right, and they translate a language. Maybe we'll call the language business. This requirements into code. And there's a whole lot of frameworks which exist to make writing things that meet business requirements easier. If you think of a business requirement, like, you know, we need a web page that's going to allow users to say leave a phone number where we can call them back, right? There's a lot of frameworks that are designed. To do things like that. If you wanted to write something on that, you could use something like Ruby on rails, right? And that's why he wouldn't do it. Does that actually know? All right, for like, you know, web apps. There's also this paradigm of crud apps and get what crud stands for. The four basic types of sequel command create read update delete. So let's say we want to build Ruby on rails or similar for web apps and you're basically creating an app that looks like create read update delete. There's some front end. The view. There's some database, which is the model. And then there is the business logic, which is a controller. So let's say the front end is let's go back to that. I want to build a portal where my customers can add their phone number such that we'll be able to call them. They have to be able to update their phone number due to GDPR. They have to be able to delete their profile. You can see how it translates to this, right? So this isn't this is terrible. You're not just the same way. The word doctor means so many things. A doctor is someone who diagnosis a doctor someone who prescribes a doctor is someone who has bedside manner. A software engineer like it's kind of misleading and it's all about the software. It's all about the software. It's all about the software. And it's almost nothing like what you do in school. If you're in school and you're learning how to write binary search algorithms, it's nothing like what you do in practice. What you do in practice is really you're translating from a really shitty language into these things that are like code. And I meet these people and this is what you're going to learn what you will learn in boot camps. So for example, no one who's ever gone to a boot camp would ever get a job at comma AI because at comma you don't do this. Nothing at comma looks like this this stupid paradigm. And this is the thing that's going to be replaced pretty soon by by AIs. I think about writing this like if you want to write the lowbrow version of backslash, backspace. Backspace is basically this I mean so here step one build a crud app contracting firm. Step two. Record all the inputs of. My. Contract developers. I'm going to say contract developers and make fun of someone full time developers train and I model to translate. Business logic into code. Translators. So yeah, if you guys are thinking about a job like this, you know, it's it's it's really, it's really trash work. You can get paid some amount of money doing it, but your your. You know monks used to do this monks used to like spend time copying. They'd have to be foot over printing presses. They'd have to all someone's got a copy of the Bible. So that's practically what you're doing. It's not very, you know, it's kind of trash, right? So notice how none of this. Go back to this guy here. None of this has anything to do with this. They're completely separate things. A software engineer. A lot of these people who I meet who are software engineers know basically nothing about computers. What they know about is how to translate this shitty language into code is almost giving it too much credit. And then here so let's think of like like a ruby react. Right? Think of all the all the very heavy frameworks. It almost has nothing to do with programming and it's like you're memorizing weird syntax of something stupid. Right? So let's talk about things that are that are more interesting. Right? So I come from a I learned this stuff from from a kind of hacking background. What is happening? Well, so again programs have input. Computation output. So if you want to attack the system, what we'll call this a system, right? If you want to say get like a you want to get like remote code execution on the system, right? The question you ask is what input? To the system achieves my desired outcome. Okay? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So again a lot of hacking is because like the the system didn't think to check for what it is. I'm sending it and you can get the system to behave in ways that aren't within the normal bounds of output. So if you think this is actually a function, right? What are the words and function? You have a domain which is the input to a function function range, or like y equals f of x, right? So this is a pure model. But most computation is impure. When it's impure, the function doesn't necessarily have to output something into range. It can do something entirely different. So yeah, I mean, what is hacking? It's figuring out how the function, you know, figuring out how to make the function behave how you want. Now, you can use the same paradigm to analyze. Almost anything, right? Input, system, output. Say you want to change your flight on United and you don't want to pay change fees. Well, you can think of the input as what can I do? Well, I can call. I can call the United customer support line. The system is the customer support agent and the output is them clicking a button on their computer that says waive change fees, probably written in some crud app, right? So if you're going to do that, if you think about it like that, you think, okay, how do I get the system? What inputs? Well, what do I have control over? I can make multiple calls. I can change the words that I say on each call. You can do things that are completely out of bounds of the system entirely. You can, you know, get the person's real name. You can dox them. You can threaten them. You might go to jail for these things. I'm not advising you do it. But it's all within this paradigm of input, system, output. And that's what, what is programming? Input, computation, output. Thank you for subscribing. No, no, there is, it's starting to get big. Are we getting people watching this stream? Oh yeah, okay. Now we lay out, let's get viewers. Let's get viewers. So when you ask the question, what is programming? How do I get good at programming? I don't understand what it is that you want. Any, any website, any bootcamp will teach you functioning CRUD app programming. When it comes down to hacking, every system is different. If you want to get good at hacking, you just need to practice this basic idea. Remember that one of the reasons I don't play CTFs anymore is because it became too boxed. This is, I feel similarly about competition. I think it's very important that you start with competition programming. Competition programming is not about who can cleverly come up with new algorithms. It's just about, you know, pattern recognition. Okay. Recognize that this is actually a graph isomorphism problem. I can do graph isomorphism. That's, that's, that's NP, but oh, this is actually a binary search over this, and I can sort the list in N log N instead of N square. And I can solve it in time. Right? Yeah, so CTFs are still fun, and CTFs still, like, I think there's some that kind of probably break the paradigm, but a lot of it became the same tricks over and over again, and you just drilled. Once you can drill, it's no longer a test of intelligence, it's a test of, like, you know, are you willing to practice, are you willing to put 40 hours a week into learning some relatively useful skill. I shouldn't hate on CTFs, and they're a great way to get into this stuff. It's just a thing, like, back in the day, CTFs didn't feel as much like this, but competition programming already did. I have nothing but praise for the time that I spent doing competition programming, and learning what there is to learn, and then realizing once you're just going to be grinding, it's time to stop. Yeah, hacking and coding is all about learning and applying new skills, so repetition runs counter to what it's all about. Okay. So if you watched my stream two days ago, where I did the adding the for loops to Clang, that's another... You can get paid a lot of money if you can do this, right? This is kind of what my Ethereum contract was. Understand... So maybe there's a, like, highbrow software engineer. Understand... A complex system. Modify the system to, say, add a feature. Ship the new system. Meaning, like, test well and stuff. So there's a whole lot of software engineering kind of contracts or jobs that look like this. Understand a complex system. Modify the system. Add a feature. Ship the new system. If you make yourself challenges, like that Clang for loop challenge that I showed you, you'll get good at this. You want to be an ML engineer. Well, here's the steps to get good at that. Download paper. Implement it. Implement it. Implement it. Implement it. Implement it. Implement it. Implement it. Keep doing this until you have skills. No test today. Slack Mage, thank you for subscribing. Um... Um... Um... Um... Um... Um... Um... Um... Um... Um... Mm. Uh. When you say, I saw a comment on one of the recent YouTube videos where you say, oh, if only George would do lessons. What is it you want to learn? What is it that you want to, you want me to do? What is it that you think you can't do? Um... You want how to get a girlfriend, right? And again, let's use the same paradigm, right? Input, system, output, right? So, well, what are you going to need as an input to the system? I mean, you want a girlfriend, you want women. A system, like, I don't know what you mean. First, can you come up with a definition? You know, let's come up with an exact definition of get a girlfriend, right? Oh, not Martin Scurll's YouTube finance lessons. Right, so first define get a girlfriend. Now, the system is, you know, the female mind. And let's say the output is a, let's say, let's just say it's an iMessage saying, so we are... Official now, right? Right? So, I mean, you can think about this, right? So, I mean, we can use the same sort of tricks we used on the United flight attendant. You know, trying to get the change fees, right? Like, okay. Okay. One thing I've learned studying pickup is you don't... Get better at seducing women. You just get better at screening women. It's not about convincing women to sleep with you or date you. It's about finding the women who are already interested in sleeping with you or dating you. So, right? Same sort of approach. And you can treat this like a funnel, right? So, let's talk about funnels. So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, So, so, so, classic sales kind of thing. Let's say you want to sell cars, right? Same approach. Same approach. One, you have the top of the funnel, which is like getting the word out, right? You can do this with like advertising to many. You get some people who visit the dealership, right? And this is a funnel. Let's say, let's say, Let's say 1000 people see your ad, let's say 10,000 people see your ad. 100 people visit the dealership. And let's say, you know, five by cars. Right? So what's your your ratio here, you have 1% here and you have a 5% conversion ratio here, and you're falling off your funnel. So you know, we can do the exact same thing here. You know, 100 message sent to women, we can say maybe 20 replies. Let's let's let's let's take 30 replies. Of every one of those, we'll say we have five dates. Two lays one girlfriend, right? Okay. Same, same idea, right? It's just funnels. So this year is 30% ratio. This is a one sixth, whatever that is in percent like 18%. This is 40%. And this is 50%. Right? Funnels. 1.2k. Okay, so this is a 10% ratio. Okay. Viewers, let's go. Ah, no, you don't want to Vim lesson, right? That's like, Oh, how do I make a product that make me a millionaire? Okay. All right. I'm getting money. Well, so the thing about getting money is there's only one way to get money. Um, this is capitalism. Uh, capitalism is based around consent. And this is kind of the beauty of capitalism. In capitalism, you have a buyer and you have a seller. And both parties must consent to the transaction. Right? So if you want to make $1,000,000. Okay. So the only way to get money, getting money, um, in a, uh, capitalist system system is there's one way to do it and it's convinced, uh, others to give it to you. Right? You can't make money. You can't produce your own money. Uh, there is one way to get money and that's to convince other people to, to give it to you. Uh, yeah. Welcome to welcome to NBA bullshit. Right? So if you have, you know, two people and one guy's selling an apple and it's $10 and the other guy's like, I'll give you $5 for the apple. The seller can now say, okay, I can send to your $5. I don't consent and there's no transaction. Beautiful. Beautiful. Right? Um, getting money in a capitalist system, convince others to give it to you. So to answer your question, how do you get, uh, make $1,000,000, uh, from a product? Well, I'm going to give you a little bit of a, a little bit of a, a little bit of a, a, uh, product. Well, so you can kind of, um, all right, ready for some MBA bullshit. I'll give you some real MBA bullshit. So you can think about who you want to target your product to. All right. You can either make $1, uh, from 1 million people. All right. You can get $1 million, uh, from one person. And then there's a whole spectrum in the middle. Let's say $1,000 from a thousand people. Right. Um, and you can think about basically how much effort you're willing to spend on the sale, uh, in each case. Right. So here, you know, tons can be spent, uh, closing the deal here. Maybe, uh, one phone call. Hmm. Maybe let's say, uh, you know, a couple of phone calls can be spent closing the deal. And this can be like online only. Right. Uh, so how do you make a million dollars from a product? Well, you can either convince a million people to give you $1. You can convince thousand people to give you thousand dollars, or you can convince one person to give you a million dollars. All right. There's no other way to do it. Now make it look fancy. Put a lambo on it. Okay. All right. All right. So you can put a lambo on the background and post to Instagram as the new Warren Buffett. Yeah. I mean, but like, like this stuff is so simple. I don't know how anybody's stupid enough to pay for MBAs that basically like, like, like, like here you go. There you go. There, there, there's basically everything you need to know. Right. There's so much complexity in depth. I can sit here and type forever. If you wanted to go into like detail of how computers work, but nobody seems to care about stuff like that. I don't think that's what you guys care about. Um, out of a million subs on Instagram. Right. All right. So yeah, look, do I know how to do shit like this? Yeah, sure. If I cared. Right. Um, so fundamentally you have to again, uh, um, Instagram, uh, is based around consent. Right. Uh, so you have a, uh, follower, uh, and an influencer, right. It's the same. It's the same basic, uh, market economics, except influencer. Uh, it's the same basic market economics. Uh, yeah. It's the same basic concept. Uh, except it's not money. It's it's, it's cloud. It doesn't, it doesn't really matter. Uh, the same basic idea. So, so how do you, how do you get a million subs and insta? Well, you know, convince, uh, 1 million people to subscribe to you. Uh, now there's a bunch of ways to do this. Right. So, uh, one way to do it is like with, uh, appealing content. Right. Uh, now there's lots of different things. You can appeal, uh, based on, you can appeal to, you can appeal to novelty. Uh, you can appeal to beauty. Uh, you can appeal to sexuality. Um, you can, you can appeal to, to, to funny. Right. Uh, so, I mean, that's kind of step one. And if you don't have appealing content, you're, you're not going to get, uh, um, step two is be famous. Uh. So this actually works. If you guys remember my, or this is another way to do it. If you guys remember my thing yesterday, um, famous works on, on a few different levels. Right. So you can say there's, there's FOMO famous, right? Like you want, you want people who, uh, fear missing out, right? Like, oh man, I got to follow this guy. Right. You can use, so you can use fear basically to get people to follow you. Um, there's like the car crash mentality, uh, which is similar to fear of missing out, except, you know, maybe this is fear of missing out. Right. Uh, of missing something, uh, positive, uh, fear, uh, of missing something negative. Right. Um, all right. So, you know, you can take like, like, like, uh, maybe Kanye West is kind of a mix of both. Uh, Lindsay Lohan is, uh, is very much in the car crash mentality. Um, yeah. Uh, and then there is like, um, you know, dark arts. All right. So you can, uh, you can buy followers. Uh, these followers come from a few different places. There's cracked accounts. Uh, there's big, there's big Russian, uh, people who, who, who, who crack accounts. Um, I think there's some new accounts. Um, right. Uh, you can do little psychological tricks like, uh, make your Insta private. Uh, if you make your Instagram private, you, again, you're, you're appealing to this. Uh, you know, what's behind the curtain follow to find out bros. Uh, can you explain dynamic programming to you? So go on YouTube. There's plenty of people who make great graphics for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for dynamic programming is, um, the basic idea is say you have some function, um, you know, you have output, uh, F of X of Y, and you can figure out how to define a F of X of Y in terms of say, you know, F of X minus one, Y minus one. Right? Um, dynamic programming is you build up like a table using the previous outputs, uh, to, to, to influence things. Okay. the next outputs. But again, you know, if you're looking for an exact topic like that, there's plenty of videos that'll do a better job explaining it than I can. I don't really know, and I'm going to read some comments now. And guys, if you could all, I will make it subscriber only if you guys are writing stupid crap. Is this, you guys always say, oh, I want to learn. I want to learn. I want to learn. Like, what is it that you want to learn? Do some garbage collection and explain what Malik is. Defcon sold out. It was actually a really cool stream. Thank you. Here. So we have a VIP. What not to waste your time on? Okay. Well, let's break that down using the same sort of mentality, right? So wasting time. So the girl last night on the date told me a very, she has a very interesting life philosophy. You know, she has a very interesting life philosophy. She has a very interesting life philosophy. She has a very interesting life philosophy. She has a very interesting life philosophy. If you guys know the story about the fox and sour grapes, the fox is out walking. He sees a grape vine and there's a big juicy bundle of grapes sitting up there. He puts his paws up on the fence and he tries to reach it and he can't. He climbs the fence. He starts to climb the fence, but he cuts his paw. And then he's like, you know, those grapes are probably sour anyway. And he walks away. All right. So this is the traditional sour grape story. And usually people who have this, you know, those angry sort of people, but her take on it was when she cut her paw, it must have been a divine sign from God that the grapes were probably poisonous. It's like a positive spin to the sour grape story. So I don't know. You know, if you go through life, everything that you don't get, you just realize that you didn't want it anyway. And like, you really, you put a positive spin on that. This is an impenetrable fortress of, psychological, I don't know, but, wasting time. I don't know. Right. So this gets into like, like, existentialism, right? The basic idea of existentialism is you make your own meaning. Sorry. Now you asked, if this is all existentialism is, how did people write really long books about it? And you'll have to ask those people. But so, I don't know. My personal philosophy is that there's no such thing as wasting time. Like, it's a stupid, a time is just wasting time is great. That's the point of time to waste it. You know, maybe, maybe I'll add a caveat to that. Don't fall in funnels, right? If you are in other people's funnels, don't be in Skinner boxes. Skinner boxes. Right? Maybe, don't fall in funnels. Don't be in Skinner boxes. And don't be influenced by advertising. Imagine you're like, Oh, okay, what you're blabbered about a news dynamo known as, you're like, hey Ford, put in the marketing piece. measure of how long an algorithm would take to complete given an input of size n. If an algorithm has to scale, it should compute the result within a finite and practical time bound even for large values of n. For this reason, complexity is calculated asymptotically as n approaches infinity. That's what big O notation is. Well complexity is usually in terms of... okay. So this is a way of thinking about it. How many operations does it take for an input of size n? So you can take sorting algorithms. Sorting is usually a good way to think about complexity. So you can take like a bubble sort algorithm, right. Bubble sorts, in pseudocode, is something along the lines of for i in i to n, for j in i to n, or i už i to n, if j is less than i swap of a EVERY yards ratio. So that is O , but in smartなので we run the same thing. So this algorithm is O of n squared. You see this loop. I'm not writing a Lua or nothing. So this loop is n. This loop, you can be like, well, no, the average is actually n over 2. But, you know, n times n over 2 is, you know, it's still O of n squared. So this is an O of n squared sorting algorithm. Okay. So you can take other sorting algorithms. Other sorting algorithms basically have this idea of we're going to build up a tree. So say I want to sort the list, you know, 3, 5, 4, 6, right? We take a tree. We put 7 on the top branch, right? And now we say 3. Is 3 less than or equal to 7? It's less than, so we'll put it on this side of the tree. Okay. And now we do the same thing with 4. So we say, well, okay, let's take 4. 4 less than or equal to 7. It's less than 7. Less than or equal to 3. It's greater than 3. So it goes here. All right. 6, we have the same kind of, well, this turned out to not work too well because the height of this tree is n. But let's say I added something like 10 in. You know, 10 would go here in the tree. I didn't make my tree too nice. Let's say I added 10 in. I added a 5 in. All right. The 5 would go here in the tree. And the size of this tree, the height of this tree, is log n. All right. So that's all the sort algorithms that are in n log n time basically have some variant of this, right? So it's n inserts into a log n sized tree. So there are actually. There are actually sorting algorithms that run in O of n. So we can think about, let's say the list that I'm sorting is only, is guaranteed to only be numbers between 1 and 100. So I can create a, maybe this is something like hash sort or something. I don't know what the name of it is, but O of n sort. So I can create an array like count sub 100 for i in 0 to n. Count sub arr sub i plus equals 1. And then I can loop through count. And then I can loop through count. And then I say for, well, you know, I just like print. You want to print out basically the like, like the number count number of times. So you see how this is O of n. I have one loop going to n and then I have one loop going to count, which can be. Viewed as like a, as like a k and k is small. But this obviously only works if your, your total number here is small because the k, if the biggest element in the array were to grow with the length of the array, then the sort would not be O of n. But assuming that it stays at 100, this sort is always O of n, but usually the smallest sort is n log n. So that's the way to do it. So that's the way to do it. So that's the way to do it. Uh, I think maybe that explains it better than this. No, we're not solving any leak codes. Um, I'd like to see you improve an open source system that you'd like to see improve and follow along as you help progressing issues and features. People don't want to learn. They want to have your skills. Yeah, they can get fucked. Um, can I explain binary search time complexity? Sure. Um, so binary search, uh, find an element in a sorted, uh, list. Something I say is hacking a lot of times is, uh, is just binary search by hand. Right? Um, so let's say, let's say, let's say you have an Oracle, uh, or, or, you know, we'll just, we'll just do it straight up. Right? Uh, so here's a sorted list, right? Um, yeah, let's make, right? Let's say, I want to find 67, right? Um, so bsearch 67. So you start out with defining a, uh, a, a low and a high. Uh, so we'll make the low, uh, the beginning of the array and the high, uh, the length of the array. Um, so I now take the midpoint. Let's say I look at the array, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, array submit is 22. Now I know that it can't possibly be any of these. Right? So here's my pivot. I say it can't possibly be any of these because 67 is greater than 22. So we can now say low equals mid. Now. So now I'm just looking at this array here. That's the first one in binary search, right? Um, so again, low zero high is length of array mid low plus high equals two. Let's say mid is one. Uh, so we get 45 low equals mid. All right. So now, now we're doing it again, uh, for this, uh, and this time mid is 67. All right, run it through so we can return that. We can figure out what the index, uh, in the original array was. All right. Um, so notice that this took three steps, which is significantly, less than here. N equals seven because seven is the length of the array. Uh, so binary search runs in O of log n time. Again, you can think about it similar to the tree where you're only walking down one path. Instead, let's say instead of this sorted list being put contiguously, it's a tree. How many jumps are you going to have to take in the tree? It's log n. Um, what paper? Can implement beginner ML engineer? Well, that and that's a deep what paper can implement a beginning ML engineer. Oh, I don't know about that. Uh, yeah, data science is largely BS. Anyone who's teaching you if you're ever learning a, like an object level skill, you're probably not learning the right thing. Um, object level skills will die out when the tools die out. But if you're learning kind of meta level skills, then they're never going to. It's like truth about the world, right? Um, are you learning? Something from nature or are you learning something from people? Right? Um, if you're learning something from nature, good. If you're learning something from people, it's bad, right? Um, so you can you can you can break pretty much everything down into into this paradigm. If you're learning like physics comes from nature, learning physics is good. If you're learning celebrity gossip, this is just arbitrary bullshit about people. It's bad. So, you know, one of the one of the founding themes for the college. So we reject power over people. And this will actually make us. Uh, ignored by the system. System cares deeply about power over people. Embrace power over nature. So yeah, um, and then like like like like, okay, so like answering that question, what is data science, right? Um, if data science, if data science means like statistics, sure. If data science means like, tooling used. At Company X. If Data science means.�� too if the market will be removed the buy a complex s with a positive real. part. How do I find all zeros of the function stop at three? Okay, df1 of f by A-dot plus r. When. That looks oddly like the Riemann hypothesis. Most of my math knowledge is in discrete math. I don't know that much calculus. I don't really know how to do that. I mean, I could write a simulator for that. And then we can binary search for zeros, assuming the function is continuous. We can't exactly binary search. Are those things going to get smaller too? Complex S with positive real part. Oh God, I got to do complex numbers too. I don't really know. We want to learn how to learn efficiently. Learn how to do complex numbers. Learn how to do complex numbers. Learning strategies. I don't know. Helm.ai is four years behind. Some of these questions, like what books do you recommend? How to stay hungry? Elon talks about this a lot, right? So you want to build, you want to build a knowledge tree. You build a knowledge tree. And that means that whenever you learn new information fits into the tree. People who I've met who know a lot of things, it's not even always that they know, maybe interpolation. It's possible. Even if you don't know exactly what's a node of a tree, if you have some nodes nearby, you can kind of interpolate to it, right? Yeah. So it's kind of a framework for understanding. You can, you can root this knowledge tree. So Elon talks about it. Elon roots knowledge tree in physics. I root knowledge tree in information. So my whole input computation output. Is this is this idea of information. This is a modernist perspective, post modernist perspective. Right? But both of those things are very, very good ways of understanding. So, so that's, that's pretty much it. So how to explain anything. I mean, some of these were like how to get a girlfriend, right? Input, system, output. This is my core paradigm for understanding anything. This is what Richard Hamming was promoting a lot. That's like a Hammingtree guy. Coding theory was one of the classes I took that I couldn't do. I was too old for math. I haven't seen... So Bezos... Bezos basically uses this one trick. Bezos operations mastermind, right? Uh... Uh... So, for example. Amazon ships many packages. When Amazon negotiates with UPS, Bezos has his guys draw up an Amazon shipping plan, right? The plan is, let's say, sales pitch to UPS. UPS, you know, gives real rate. Right? Bezos wins. I mean, that is the Amazon trick over and over and over again. Oh, post-structuralism. See, I like weird things like this. I really want to meet more women and go on more dates of women who studied this stuff. You know? Like, I met this... I dated this one girl. She was like, you know, perfect. And she, like, knew about all this stuff. Yeah. It's a whole world. It's a whole world. And I try my best to understand it. I feel like I'll always kind of be a tourist there. Um... Structuralism proposes that one may understand human culture by means of a structure modeled on language. This understanding differs from concrete reality and abstraction ideas instead as a third order that mediates between the two. Theobald todos,雲elerр специали, and the Yeah. And then, what's downstream of all this is the, is the, is the modern trash. Postmodernists were trolls, man. I was on the phone with my friend last night, and I was like, you know what? I'm a postmodernist. I really embrace these. I hold these truths to be self-evident. Yeah, yeah, Bordiard, Derrida, Foucault. And they're trolls, but they're trolls who've shaped the modern world. One thing that I wish I'd done differently when I was younger was actually, I didn't, I rejected almost outright the humanities as being any, oh, they were trolls. People just took them seriously. I mean, they admit it. They admit it as such. I rejected the humanities as any sort of, any sort of source of relevance in my life. When, as I've grown up, I've come to realize that the college and the singularity, the science doesn't matter. I think one of the greatest tragedies in history was, was that these incredibly intelligent scientists built a nuclear bomb and then handed that bomb off to politicians like they're subservient to them. What, why? Why, why is this, why do politicians or those kind of people have this power? So something that is changing throughout history, is power over people used to be all, used to be everything. All right? If you, if you, you didn't, if you lived in a tribe, right? If you lived in a, like a hunter gatherer tribe. The only thing, what, what made you alpha chimp? What made you alpha chimp was, was having power over the other, the other chimps, not having power over nature. You weren't a 10x better hunter. there are there are were no 10x better hunters um but power over people uh is waning and power over nature uh is waxing waxing is the right word no i don't want top 10 best waxing salons what like a waxing like a moon yeah having increasing its apparent size i dropped out of philosophy undergraduate because i realized how much you were just learning to tell logically sound stories to each other about how the world is you i wish i wish there were a place where i could go to learn real humanities it seems like being self-taught in the humanities is more difficult um i've found a few you come upon a few texts in there and they're and they're kind of mind-blowing um start what is literature i mean yeah you should read this i remember reading that was kind of the first when i started to realize that that got there was a huge path to uh what is what is what is running a company what is what is what is what is a what is what is what is running What is being CEO? It's just telling stories. All you're doing is telling stories and we compete. The world is a big competition of these stories. What is the Wiccan-Stanford's Tarring Debate? I have so much to read. I don't know, and I guess... This is a lot of what I've been doing off-stream, especially now, is just reading and I'm not... There's no future in hacking. There's practically no future in programming. It's not a question of if the singularity is going to happen. It's a question of when and what will it look like. And it seems like what it will look like will be a lot less shaped by programmers doing the grunt work and a lot more shaped by who's telling the best stories. So if you want to save the world, better learn how to tell stories. Please teach me on becoming an expert in programming. So... Wait, hang on. What's the central kind of thesis of... By the way, everybody should read Tarring's paper. Ramsey, wow, it's all the same people, man. These people are... All biologists want to be chemists. All chemists want to be physicists. All physicists want to be mathematicians. All mathematicians want to be philosophers. And all philosophers want to be employed. Programmers are translators. Yeah. This is what most software engineers do all day. Go learn your stupid frameworks, right? But again, that's my same thing about data science, right? Tooling that will go out of vogue. No. Not in the future. I'm not going to go into that. Okay. I'm going to go into this. I'm not going to go into that. I'm going to go into this. Out of vote. Maybe that's right. Maybe that's wrong. Yeah, memetic theory. All these basic ideas. Peter Thiel. I read some new Peter Thiel. I think he really went hard on that. Do I think today we have less revolutionary, innovative minds in general than before? No. No. How many people can you name from the 20th century? Like a hundred. There's definitely revolutionary people around today. I think that who's the most revolutionary person I think of the current millennium? Satoshi Nakamoto. If you really want to do things, in some way you've got to do them anonymously. I mean, that's just... I don't know. Maybe that's not that true. But yeah, look at... Look at what Elon Musk is doing, right? There are definitely people who are alive today who are going to be remembered in a hundred years. I read the Anakin Turing book. Yeah, that's why I read the paper. I'll show for the book. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I recommend that book. What is a good work ethic to have? So, one test that I like to use often, to ask a question if somebody's saying something, say, would anybody ever say the opposite? So, if you have a politician who stands up on stage and says, the children are our future. I care about them. The children. They're not really saying anything because nobody would ever say the opposite. So, what is a good work ethic to have? I mean, it's a meaningless question because the... Like, you should slack off a lot and, you know, not really pay attention, do things sloppily. Yeah. Said nobody ever. I'm chilling for myself, man. I'm Satoshi. Yeah. What's from last round? I'm not saying you should do anything. It's just a framework. It's a framework for thinking. You know what I'm saying? I'm not... I'm really not interested in... I'm not interested in... I'm not interested in answering questions about myself. Why do you care? I'm nobody. Who are you? You're nobody, too? Oh, they're coming after me, man. Oh, no. Lock the doors, man. Oh, no. Like, it's, again, people are boring. Nature's interesting. I'm a people, too. I'm pretty boring. I'm pretty boring. How do you think about recursion? It's just a stack. All right. SWAT on my house? Oh, no. This guy's going to call SWAT on my house? No, he's not. He's banned. He's banned. He's banned. crud development will go away. Yeah, but it'll just become a crud development will become the most lowest common denominator. AI shit. You know, who's that guy in office space? He's like, when I take the thing from the engineers, and I give it to the I talk to the customer and I give it to the engineers, right? That's all it's gonna be. Um, constructivist mathematics. I'm, yeah, of course. So my understanding of constructivism says that you can't the law of the excluded middle doesn't apply. So you can't just make an assumption, find a contradiction and say, therefore, the assumption is true. You wouldn't just I really like things like cock, which like so they have a constructivist cock, which says if you want to say something's true, you can't just say you can't just like that find a contradiction. So I think that like, finite ism, I believe is true in a deep philosophical sense. Whereas constructivism is just another lens. Yeah. Where are the differences? What can you not? What can you say in non constructivist mathematics that you can't say in constructivist or just proofs harder? Taking the principle of the excluded middle from the mathematician would be the same say as prescribing the telescope to an astronomer or the box or the use of his fists. Yeah. So yeah. Constructivism, is Google going to actually give me anything for this? I want non constructivist constructivist truths you can't derive in constructivism. I don't know what I'm going to say. Oh, God. Yeah, Aaron Schwartz, take down JSTOR. Fuck JSTOR. Some, like, learning theory. I don't know about that. Yeah, what I want to know is, like, yeah, what are the truths, right? And then do they feel... I don't know. I mean, I like, like, intuitionism as well. It's one thing to innovate in the computer science world, but it's another thing to utilize it to make money, which is where you need translators to deliver. So, what is money? All right. All. All. I mean, okay. So, I'm not going to go into this. But if your goal in life is to make money, all I will say is that is never for anybody a terminal goal. Making money cannot be a terminal goal, right? Money itself does not have any intrinsic value. Money only has... Always think about what your terminal values are, right? This is... Let's find the Slate Star Codex Society Shocks. Ah, yes. Ah, yes. Bostrom makes an offhanded reference of the possibility of a dictatorless dystopia, one that every single citizen, including the leadership, hates, but which nevertheless endures unconquered. It's easy enough to imagine such a state. Imagine a country with two rules. First, every person must spend eight hours a day giving themselves strong electric shocks. Second, if anyone fails to follow a rule, including this one, or speaks out against it or fails to enforce it, all citizens must unite to kill that person. Suppose these rules were well enough established by tradition that everyone expected them to be enforced. So, you shock yourself for eight hours a day because you know if you don't, everyone else will kill you because if they don't, everyone else will kill them, and so on. I heard the Russians used... a similar tactic in order to prevent defection in World War II. You know, a soldier on the front line who's being told to charge a machine gun turret might want to run the other way. But, you know, it is the job of everybody behind them to shoot all the cowards. And if you do not shoot a coward, you're a coward yourself, and you'll be shot by somebody else. Dictatorless dystopia. So, think about what you really want money for, and are we really just in one of these dictatorless dystopias? Where's my viewer count? It's gone. And coward is whatever is defined by the Russian system, right? Are we running out of innovative ideas? No. Oh, here we go. Easy example of a non-constructivist proof without an obvious vex. Some digit occurs infinitely often in the decimal expansion of pi. Have we proven that? Oh, some digit occurs. Okay. Perhaps you're thinking of the statement that every digit occurs infinitely often, which is probably open. Yeah. But some digit occurs infinitely often. I mean, yeah, okay, you're right. So the obvious proof there is, assume for the sake of contradiction that no digits occur infinitely often, then given that there's a finite number of digits, by the pigeonhole principle, pi is not a transcendent number, but we know pi is a transcendent number, therefore contradiction. So this is just another classic one. I'm not sure I'm going to be able to prove this, because I'm not sure I'm going to be able to prove this. So I'm going to have to do a little bit of a QED. So this is another classic one. Yeah. I mean, but I'm sure you can prove that. The square root of 2 is irrational. I'm sure you can prove that in a constructivist proof. Square root 2 irrational. Okay. So I'm going to go ahead and do that. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Direct proof of irrationality. Simple direct proof that I found as a teenager. Theorem. Theorem. Theorem. Did it come with conductor ideal? What? That's confusing. Okay. Theorem is that it's integral if rational. So meaning it's an integer if it's rational. The proof. Okay, so it's a reduced fraction. So the greatest common divisor is one. That's using like the extended. Euclidean algorithm. Yeah, that works. Sure. Yeah, there you go. Okay. That's so much better. It's so much better than the other proof. Oh, Browery and Cantor examples. Let's see. I think that all of higher education today is whatever the opposite of based is. You know, maybe cupped. That's kind of a problem. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Let's try next. Okay. Good job Browery. Okay. Good job. Yeah. All right. All right. So we can label these equations with our standards in social électrv. So what I'm gonna do is. I'm gonna write down all my principles. What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna make a statement a bit later and I'm gonna write this down. Put it this way, administrative spending comprised just 26% of total educational spending by American colleges. Three decades later, administrative spending—oh, it's not. Wait, huh? Where'd the other spending go? I don't know. Maybe this isn't true. I'm not that interested in looking into the case. I mean, I witnessed this firsthand. I've heard from speaking with a lot of people. Just how—what's this word mean? Yeah. That's not what I was thinking of. But— Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not—I'm not—I'm not hopeful for the future of the higher education system. Curtis describes it as a state church. Where do I expect newer generations to learn things like lower-level programming or theory? The same place everyone else did. What do you mean? People always say this. People always say this about computer science. Man, the kids aren't really going to learn how computers work. They're going to learn how to use computers. The math majors don't know how arithmetic works. The math majors don't know how arithmetic works. It's just so hard to get a computer to work. They're going to learn how to use computers. Why? Because our math majors don't know how arithmetic works? Like, that's just a sign that someone was poorly educated. Not—it's not going to like fade from the world. People say this but, you know, there's been so many other disciplines and I have no idea why they think computer science is going to be different. Look up the journal Constructive Approximation. It's a teaching journal. It's a very interesting one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. Look up the journal Constructive Approximation. There's so much to learn, guys. I don't really know what approximations and expansions are. By the way, oh, I mean, unfortunately, it's a web archive, but can we look at how nice this web page is? Someone criticized my use of, like, looking at the form and not the content, but the form is an incredibly good predictor of content. A website like this, contains truths, because there's no other reason for someone to build it. Unfortunately, it's been taken offline. Let's see. A website like this probably contains way less truths, right? Compare the websites. So now we see what's wrong with college. I promise our university will have a website that looks much more like this and much less like this. Computer architecture, a quantitative approach. Let's see what we got. College is a funnel. Society is a funnel, man. So let's see. I'm going to show you the, I'm going to show me the, I'm going to show me the table of contents. Is it probably going to be Stanford? Stanford? Let's check this out. Harvard is a mittel. It's not going to be Stanford. Among the If Sc 처음 summit in Japanese literature. So it's probably going to be some Ihnen stan. So I'm going to go to Harvard to try out. I've got the standard, this is the standard. At Stanford sustainment includes Wenk. This is also what I I have today. Oxford is a good example of this. In cambi tives, many researchers have, it's also quite common. It's written the manual about the way in which low 영 wyk looksexposed. What does that mean in high found high of, it's, there's a hundred and twenty of this book about ignorance and illegal IT. let me show a copy of it, I mean this is yeah if you want to study computer architecture that's like a decent uh now this is I mean this is from google what takes like uh 10 nanoseconds to get to uh l1 cache 100 nanoseconds to get to l2 takes like a microsecond to get to memory and takes like a millisecond to get to disk or whatever those numbers are you should know that understand all of that memory hierarchy there's an old saying like there's two hard problems in computer science and it's like search and caching or something um is that that's the quote um um um cache and validation and naming things the only two hard problems in computer science cache and validation naming things and off by one errors cache and validation and naming things and off by one errors um um let's see um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um cool how do you get over a thousand people to watch you rant about how you they shouldn't need to watch people like you rant oh no we're just hanging out and like diciendo i'm gonna go back to reading in a bit i try my ideas in a very short time i sort it in a couple of mornings but this conversation is realize how great it is to be about how many ne Tatasas i i try my ideas in a bit i try my ideas in a couple of months but this conversation is realize how great it is to be about how many ne Tatasas i how many ne Tatasas i how many ne Tatasas i how many ne Tatasas i a life i is out on Twitch, right? I tried Hammer out and decided there's never gonna be a Hammer, fuck Hammer. I tried Backspace out and it got a pretty good response on Twitch. The problems with Backspace are more technical and actually comes down to more the question of what is programming, right? I don't wanna make, if you wanna do programming for work, if you wanna make crud apps, like, eh, that's not really what I wanna do in Backspace. I mean, the problem I ran into with Backspace is like, is our modern programming languages already the best way to describe what you want? How, yeah. Just adding these things, to try to put in one sentence... yell at stuff and you know, see what I mean? You know, if you napальным really like bring it all back to you can't you know? Think about it, if you wanna connect it into a new medium or, no matter what you're doing it, if somebody makes it you can't be designing like a pretty good web app to HoloLens. Just drives in that stupid fuzziness from, you know, learning some really creative tech tools some stuff there at all, but I tried it. They just suck. more concise programming language, a.k.a. what is the next GC? Object-oriented programming didn't deliver the improvements garbage collection did, not having to deal with freeing your memory. I mean, so my basic thesis is like compilers should do more search. GC is garbage collection. So if I write some C code, let's make a function. If not we'll end up writing the same thing. Let's sort it out ourselves. So what is the But then again, you need to set up a system to started puttingopers which may appear linked to your Okay. All right, so that's all well and good, except for this fact. See, look at A.out's memory usage, right? Its memory usage is growing, and we're going to have to kill it before it keeps using more because there's a memory leak. Because what happens in this program is every time A is called, I'm mallocing six bytes of memory. I'm taking six bytes off the heap. And even though once this while loop comes around again, those bytes are never accessible, it doesn't matter. The compiler, the program's already allocated them. So, you know, to fix this bug, I can do that. And now we'll see that A.out does not increase memory usage. So a GC would automatically find unreachable pointers and free them. Yeah. Yeah, so right. Rust has a separate idea. Rust has this idea of ownership, but it makes Rust very, very hard to code. The beauty of GCs is that they operate completely in the background, and it would make this a valid program to run. I could write this in Go, and Go has a GC, and it's fine. If you can find the shortest program that outputs the data, yeah, sure. I shill for the Hutter Prize a lot. Make it subscribers only and never see my chat. I see your chat. I see your chat, and you're a subscriber. All right. We'll be right back, and then we'll do subscriber-only Q&A, and then we'll go back to reading. All right. Diamond, what are you reading? I'm almost done with my book from yesterday, White Noise. White Noise. What is this dud baiting Twitch Prime dud? Can we do a meetup before the singularity? What happens if you pass string copy? What happens if you pass string copy? What happens if you pass string copy? What happens if you pass string copy? What happens if you pass string copy? What happens if you pass string copy? I mean, it'll just keep copying until it's ever on the stack until it finds a null terminator. Is it any indication that we're not close to an efficient to write language when we have functional programming that's so fundamentally different? I mean, languages are getting better. I'm very, oh, man. You know, what I'd give to code in the language 20 years from now. I'd be so happy. cameo.com I was like I can book like famous people to come to my party. Okay, personalized messages Wow. Oh, I gotta think about my brand, you know. And how to solve constant growth of misinformation. I mean, has that ratio actually gotten worse? Has the ratio of information to misinformation changed? I'm not sure it has. How does one be motivated? Oh, this is dumb questions. I think why that's a dumb question. What do you? What one way to ask if something's a dumb question or not is like think about what the structure of the answer you want is. What kind of structural like what is the space? What is the range look like of those? What is the output space look like? Like you are the kind of person who deserves Google, right? Because this one weird. I mean, I think that's the, the third trick to stay motivated is what you're looking for there. And that's the only answer you're going to get. And it's not a real answer. So your curiosity is never going to be satiated. And you're going to keep Googling that same crap over and over and over again. There's not an answer. There's less hierarchy in information distribution. I'm not even sure about that. So think about it in some ways. There's more hierarchy. Right? Oh, that's, alright, let me see if I can find, I wish I had a nice way to index this book better. Not families. I can't find the exact quote, they put it in the book a lot better than I'm going to say it, but families are held together based on understanding, untruths and commonly shared lies. I think that despite people talking a lot about misinformation, in some ways, from my perspective, when people are screaming about fake news, what they're actually mad about when they keep talking about misinformation is actually that they don't control the narrative anymore. It's not that the new narratives are any less true than the old narrative. The old narratives are all lies as well. It's just there's a different kind of group providing the new narratives. The new narratives are coming from a different place. And I think they're slightly more true than the old narratives, but only slightly. Any advice to crack Fang interviews? Honestly, if they sit you down, I think you're going to get a lot of good reviews. I think you're going to get a lot of good reviews. If they sit you down and they're like, do two leak code hard problems. This is why I'm not doing leak code on stream for you guys. It's like, why waste your time memorizing that? It's just insulting. I mean, I think it's insulting to everybody who's being interviewed. Like, they're not checking to see whether you're a good programmer or not. They're checking to see whether you're willing to grind for hours and hours and hours. Ugh. The leak code grind is real. Like, is that the kind of organization you want to go work at? An organization that values you just grinding on something stupid and irrelevant for hours? That said, I think that programming challenges are an incredible way to judge candidates. But not timed ones. Right? We have a, like, or at least not time crunch in front of a person. We have a hacker ring challenge for Kama. But we give you four hours and if you're good, you can do it in under an hour. It's not designed to be, it's designed to be a freshman weeder test. Not some insane, this is how we're truly going to judge you. The speed challenge, yeah, I like the speed challenge. It's kind of, it's more open-ended, but it has, it's more open-ended, but it has a clear, rigid evaluation criteria. It's important to have interviews that are, have clear evaluation criteria to avoid bias. So, I think, I think that's the first step. Don't take amphetamines. So, my experience with amphetamines, Adderall, stimulants, is they do not make you better at things, they make you think you're better at things. They, they trigger this delusion. If I am good at something, I want to believe I am good at something. If I am bad at something, I want to believe I am bad at something. Nootropics are mostly a scam. I think humanities will ever be able to escape structures and hierarchies within nature that combat transhumanism. I'm not sure exactly what that means. LSD doesn't give deep thoughts, it makes you think all your thoughts are deep. I have more positive things to say about LSD than I do about amphetamines. I think LSD shows you something, and, I mean, like, with all drugs, you know, understand what it has to teach you, and then stop. I think I want to go to one of those 10-day meditation retreats. But I don't know, I don't really want to talk about drugs. They're not, drugs aren't that interesting. Jascha Bach, the new god of transhumanism. What's the happiest memory? I don't really like talking about it. I don't like talking about myself either. Most of these things here, I don't really talk about myself. I do give anecdotes with my wife. They're more to illustrate a point. Because anything that I say about myself is personal and useless to you. Don't be like me. It's dumb. I'm trying to give you information so you can think. Don DeLillo, white noise. Some of the stories are made up. Yeah. It doesn't matter. I've been doing recess, yeah. It's kind of nice. I've never read your quiz elements. All right. Cool. Um. It's about Pascal's wager. Pascal's mugging, yeah. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . consequentialist. Thank you. Thank you. Many mangos, that is kind of funny. Thank you. Things. Oh, you mean just things in general? Oh, I thought like things was like, yeah, of course. Web app frameworks like Electron. Why don't we ship the operating system in every... Electron is just Docker, man. It's the same idea. No, I don't know. Anything that makes deployment development easier is probably good. Stanislaw Lim. Can you think of any fun problems to tackle in your repos? If you come up with one. No. I guess it's in local folder. I'm probably much more likely to lose it than the cloud. The fuck is a TC? If you want a high TC, you got to play the game. You know what? There is a Star Trek Voyager episode. TC. Yes. Treatment coefficient. Yes. Yes. Critical care. Yes. Yes. Just as the doctor asks what TC stands for. Oh, total compensation. Oh, you mean the team blinds. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. It's Pascal's mugging, man. Yeah, I'd like to go to a Tinder episode. The problem is I have to schedule it months in advance. World Signia YT, thank you for subscribing. You're turning into a lizard. I loved Voyager growing up, you know? You want to know where I learned morality from? Star Trek Voyager. Whatever Janeway believed there, I believe. All right, guys. Thank you for watching the stream. If you enjoyed today's stream, I'm going to look at my revenues. And if I got a lot of revenue for this stream, we're going to do more streams like this one. But I don't know. I'm probably not going to stream for a bit. It's the weekend. I got things to do that aren't streaming. Please subscribe if you haven't subscribed. Did we like subscribers? Somebody asked me earlier. Do I believe that there are some people are better than others? Yes. I believe that subscribers are better than non-subscribers. All right, stores. Thank you for subscribing. Can you do an IRL stream? Should I like rent out a, you know, they're hyped on the COVID shit. Feels good, man. Subs rise up. Yeah, there's a class system. All Twitch users aren't equal. There's subscribers and not subscribers. I'm not going to do that. I'm going to do a stream. I'm going to do a stream. I'm going to do a stream. I'm going to do a stream. I'm going to do a stream. I'm going to do a stream. I'm going to do a video about GA. I'll be sure to do a stream there. People who are non-subscribers. I don't tell lies. You know, Umma Flex. Thank you for gifting subs. Today's stream is top tier. I'm glad you liked it. Yeah. Just get a mask or something? Where's my mask? It's right. It's your voice. Today's flow better. Thank you. That's OCSB. Oh. thing Vic Jack thank you for subscribing face that was so funny subscriber open pilot full lidar you take care to real port your subscriber you're a good person yeah none of any certifications don't don't take me over security itself is all it's all racket first we got to scare them about hackers then we got to sell them the anecdote to hackers antidote yeah thank you ranch Leo thank you for subscribing there's a take on morality of piracy you I don't believe in universal morality or ethics make up your own mind man anybody who's trying to but I do dislike anybody who tries to preach to you morality or ethics tries to tell you how you should act man because this is just powerful people moral relatives I have personal morals I talked about like I said I'm talking about my these streams I don't really think I talk about like myself I like even this is not really a comment about myself this is a comment about the content of the streams post more Instagram text blah-blah-shh Well, you know what? If I find out about this shit, we'll never stream me again. You're banned. And you know what? People DM me all the time. My DMs are full of, can you please unban me? Yo, dude, can you unban me, sir? Yo, can you unban me? Bro, you're banned for life. I think J-Mo is more of a relative of style. It's true. Can I ban you? I'm not going to ban you. You're a subscriber. You're a good person. Good, I'm glad. If Roe Jogen was like a mockery of the podcast, I would totally go on Roe Jogen. Like a mockery of that whole format. Yeah. Roe Jogen. Yo, is there really a Roe Jogen? Let's check it out. Roe Jogen. Man. Lazycapboss, you're close to getting banned. You don't care if you're a subscriber. Bro, Jogen. There's nothing wrong with the format. It has more to do with the reach. This is why I wouldn't go on Joe Rogan. Damn, Cyrus. I just imagined Xaris, isn't that the bad guy in Galaxy Quest? Alright guys, thank you all for watching. Good afternoon. Go learn real things.(2023-11-23_.md)
